* (?) Capture this (and this)
** (?) And this (and this)
*** (?) And this (and this)
**** (?) And also this (and this)
***** (?) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (?) And also this (and this)
* (_) Capture this (and this)
** (_) And this (and this)
*** (_) And this (and this)
**** (_) And also this (and this)
***** (_) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (_) And also this (and this)
* (x) Capture this (and this)
** (x) And this (and this)
*** (x) And this (and this)
**** (x) And also this (and this)
***** (x) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (x) And also this (and this)
* (!) Capture this (and this)
** (!) And this (and this)
*** (!) And this (and this)
**** (!) And also this (and this)
***** (!) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (!) And also this (and this)
* (-) Capture this (and this)
** (-) And this (and this)
*** (-) And this (and this)
**** (-) And also this (and this)
***** (-) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (-) And also this (and this)
* ( ) Capture this (and this)
** ( ) And this (and this)
*** ( ) And this (and this)
**** ( ) And also this (and this)
***** ( ) Maybe this? (and this)
****** ( ) And also this (and this)
* (=) Capture this (and this)
** (=) And this (and this)
*** (=) And this (and this)
**** (=) And also this (and this)
***** (=) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (=) And also this (and this)
* (+) Capture this (and this)
** (+) And this (and this)
*** (+) And this (and this)
**** (+) And also this (and this)
***** (+) Maybe this? (and this)
****** (+) And also this (and this)
       ===
None of these * (?) Capture this
None of these ** (?) And this
None of these *** (?) And this
None of these *** (?) And also this
None of these **** (?) Maybe this?
None of these ***** (?) And also this
None of these * (_) Capture this
None of these ** (_) And this
None of these *** (_) And this
None of these **** (_) And also this
None of these ***** (_) Maybe this?
None of these ****** (_) And also this
None of these * (x) Capture this
None of these ** (x) And this
None of these *** (x) And this
None of these **** (x) And also this
None of these ***** (x) Maybe this?
None of these ****** (x) And also this
None of these * (!) Capture this
None of these ** (!) And this
None of these *** (!) And this
None of these **** (!) And also this
None of these ***** (!) Maybe this?
None of these ****** (!) And also this
None of these * (-) Capture this
None of these ** (-) And this
None of these *** (-) And this
None of these **** (-) And also this
None of these ***** (-) Maybe this?
None of these ****** (-) And also this
None of these * ( ) Capture this
None of these ** ( ) And this
None of these *** ( ) And this
None of these **** ( ) And also this
None of these ***** ( ) Maybe this?
None of these ****** ( ) And also this
None of these * (=) Capture this
None of these ** (=) And this
None of these *** (=) And this
None of these **** (=) And also this
None of these ***** (=) Maybe this?
None of these ****** (=) And also this
None of these * (+) Capture this
None of these ** (+) And this
None of these *** (+) And this
None of these **** (+) And also this
None of these ***** (+) Maybe this?
None of these ****** (+) And also this

